                      
* Exported from MasterCook *

                              Maddy's hints

Recipe By     :Madeline M. Healey
Serving Size  : 1     Preparation Time :0:00
Categories    : Maddy's Hints

  Amount  Measure       Ingredient -- Preparation Method
--------  ------------  --------------------------------

 1. Stuff a miniature marshmallowin the bottom of a sugar cone to prevent
ice cream drips
2. Use a meat baster to squeeze your pancake batter onto the got griddle
for perfectly shaped pancakes every time
3. To keep potatoes from budding, place an apple in the bag
4. To prevent egg shells from cracking, add a pinch of salt to the water
before hard boiling
5. Run your hands under cold water before pressing rice krispy treats in
the pan, and the marshmallow won't stick to yor fingers
6. To get the most juice out of fresh lemons, bring them to room
temperature and roll them under your palm against the kitchen counter
before squeezing
7. To ealily remove burnt on food from your skillet, add a drop or two of
dish soap and enough water to cover bottom of pan, and bring to a boil
8. Spray your Tupperware with non stick cooking spray before pouring in
tomato based sauces and there won't be a stain
9. When a cake recipe calls for flouring the baking pan, use a bit of the
dry cake mix to prevent flour spots on the outside of the cake
10. If you accidently over salt a dish while cooking, drop a peeled potato
into the mixture and it will absorb the excess salt
11. Wrap celery in foil and it will keep for weeks
12. Brush beaten egg white over pie crust before baking to yield a
beautiful glossy finish
13. Place a slice of apple in hardened brown sugar to soften it
14. When boiling corn on the cob, add a pinch of sugar to bring out the
sweetness of the corn
15. To identify a fresh egg, immerse it in a pan of cool, salted water. 
It will sink if it is fresh.  Throw away if it rises to the surface
16. Cure for headache pain. Cut a line in half and rub it on your forehead
17. Freeze leftover wine into ice cubes for future use in casseroles and
sauces
18. Use latex dishwashing gloves to open jars. (non slip grip)
19. Slice potato and rub on stained fingers to remove stains
20. Apply soap to mosquito bite to experience instant relief
21. Draw a chalk line on floor where ants are detected and they will go
away
22. Use air freshner to clean mirrors (it also leaves a nice smell)
23. Put scotch tape over a splinter to remove it
24. Alka Seltzer cleaning cures
-Drop 2 tablets in toilet, let sit for 20 minutes & flush 
-Fill vase with water and drop in 2 tablets , let sit for 10 minutes
-drop 2 tablets in glass of water and immerse jewelry for 2 minutes
-fill thermos with water, drop 4 tablets and soak for an hour (or more)
-to clear a sink drain, drop 3 tablets followed by a cup of Heinz white
vinegar, let sit a few minutes, run hot water 
25. Viability of baking powder  (should last 1-2 years)
-Put 1/2 teaspoon of baking powder in 1 cup tap water.  If it fizzles
energetically, it is still active and usable
26. Use small pretzel sticks instead of toothpicks to pierce hors
d'oeuvres
27. Reading measurements correctly
1/2 cup chopped walnuts  (chop walnuts, then measure)
1/2 cup walnuts, chopped (measure walnuts, then chop)                     
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                                                          
                                       

                                    - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

Per Serving (excluding unknown items): 0 Calories; 0g Fat (0.0% calories
from fat); 0g Protein; 0g Carbohydrate; 0g Dietary Fiber; 0mg Cholesterol;
0mg Sodium.  Exchanges: .


Nutr. Assoc. :

